Title: Projects Date: 2014-01-9 00:00 Author: Mosab Ahmad Slug: projects

I have worked on many pet projects in my spare time.

Grid Status Now --------------- (<a href="http://www.gridstatusnow.com"
    target="_blank">www.gridstatusnow.com</a>)

Egypt's Power Grid Load Status As A Web Service. A service parses the data in
the <a href="http://loadmeter.egyptera.org/MiniCurrentLoadClock3.aspx"
target="_blank">Load Meter</a> provided by The Egyptian Electric Utility and
Consumer Protection Regulatory Agency (EGYPTERA) and presents it in a more human
friendly way.  It also provides an API so other developers can build other web
and mobile applications on top of it.

Toggl Target ------------ (<a href="https://github.com/mos3abof/toggl_target"
    target="_blank">toggl target github repo</a>)

At work, we track our working hours on Toggl (www.toggl.com), so I created this
small project to calculate how many hours I should work to achieve my monthly
goals.

Firefox Power Close ------------------- (<a
    href="http://power-close.mos3abof.com"
    target="_blank">power-close.mos3abof.com</a>)

A firefox addon, for the tab addict, to close all tabs with a domain name. For
example, if you have many facebook tabs open and not in order, you can just use
this addon, write "facebook.com", hit enter and voila, all facebook tabs are now
closed! Code is <a href="https://github.com/mos3abof/firefox-power-close"
target="_blank">on github</a>.

Zobad.net --------- (<a href="http://www.zobad.net"
    target="_blank">www.zobad.net</a>)

The best of the internet for Arab users! A platform that collects and aggregates
interesting content for Arab internet users. Currently it serves only videos,
            but soon will serve other stuff as well.


<hr />

There are also projects I am proud I worke(d) on for other people.

zlien.com --------- (<a href="http://www.zlien.com"
    target="_blank">www.zlien.com</a>)

Zlien is a US national mechanic lien and preliminary notice filing service, and
also provides the LienPilot web-based lien compliance manager and deadline
calculator.

wuzzuf.net ---------- (<a href="http://www.wuzzuf.net"
    target="_blank">www.wuzzuf.net</a>)

A smart revolutionary next generation recruitment platform, I had the honor of
leading the development team under supervision from the startupâ€™s CTO and I
pretty much laid the software architecture under this great project.


20at.com -------- A youth oriented editorial site that was really pouplar and
first of a kind in the Arab world. I developed the whole project from scratch to
meet the needs of the editorial team. This was the start of my career.

<em>Note: The website owners have changed and the new owners released a very
poor new version instead of the old popular one. I have nothing to do with the
current project, and I am really sad for what it has become!</em>
